Add information about using SaveMii WUT Port to Wii U installation guide (#261)
PretendoNetwork/website: docs/en_US/install/wiiu.md

2. [Connecting to Pretendo](#connecting-to-pretendo)
3. [PNID Setup](#pnid-setup)

> Make sure to also check out [this](#switching-between-pretendo-network-and-nintendo-network) section to learn how to switch between Pretendo Network and Nintendo Network. It also might be worth checking out [this](#transferring-save-data-to-your-pretendo-network-account) if you want to transfer save data between your profiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to also check out [this](#switching-between-pretendo-network-and-nintendo-network) section to learn how to switch between Pretendo Network and Nintendo Network.

If you have save data from a Nintendo Network ID you would like to move to your Pretendo Network ID, follow [this](#transferring-save-data-to-your-pretendo-network-account) section.
```

Now, switch to your desired Network ID via the Account selection screen.

To return to Pretendo Network, repeat the process ensuring 'Connect to the Pretendo Network' is set to **true**.

# Transfering save data to your Pretendo Network account

> As this guide has made clear, you have separate profiles for Nintendo Network and Pretendo Network. You may want to use the save data on your Nintendo Network profile on the Pretendo Network profile, particularly for online games such as Splatoon.

Reviewer: This line is a bit misleading, as it implies this works for online save data when that is not the case. Also I'd like to keep this guide as generic as possible, without directly mentioning specific titles unless we have to

```suggestion
Pretendo Network is not compatible with existing Nintendo Network IDs. This means you must create a new account. Because of this, you may want to move existing game save data to your new account.

<div class="tip red">
	<strong>Note:</strong>
	This only works with local save data. Any user data stored on Nintendo's servers cannot be transferred to any other accounts.
</div>
```

> To do this, we need to use a tool called SaveMii WUT Port. You can download it from the Homebrew App Store in Aroma or you can download the latest release on [GitHub](https://github.com/Xpl0itU/savemii/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To move your save data, you will need a save data backup homebrew application. This guide will use the WUT port of SaveMii for Aroma.  To begin, download the latest [GitHub release](https://github.com/Xpl0itU/savemii/releases) of SaveMii or download it from the [Homebrew App Store](https://hb-app.store).
```

<img src="/assets/images/docs/install/wiiu/savedatabackup/savemii-appstore.jpg" width="100%">

> Once installed, open the application from the HOME Menu, it should look something like this when you first load the application up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once installed, open the application from the HOME Menu. You should see a menu for Wii U and vWii saves.
```

<img src="/assets/images/docs/install/wiiu/savedatabackup/savemii-mainmenu.jpg" width="100%">

> Go into Wii U Save Management and select what game you would like to dump. As an example, I am going to use the game "Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker", but you can use any game you like. Once you're hovering over the game that you want to transfer save data from, press the `A button`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select `Wii U Save Management`. You should now see a list of installed games. Find and select the game you would like to transfer the save data of.
```

> On the screen that appears, select the `A button` again to backup our savedata. You'll be greeted with a menu that looks like this.

Reviewer: There should probably be a screenshot of this page too

```suggestion
Select `Backup savedata`.
```

<img src="/assets/images/docs/install/wiiu/savedatabackup/savemii-backup.jpg" width="100%">

> Use the D-Pad to select which slot you want to save your data to, each game will need to backup to a different save data slot. For example, since this is the first game I want to transfer my data to my Pretendo account, I'm going to use slot 000.

Reviewer: This doesn't specifically need the D-Pad to use

```suggestion
Select a new slot to backup the save data to. If you select a non-empty slot, the backup data in that slot will be overwritten. 
```

> Make sure to select the right user profile too depending on the game (if you're not sure which user profile you want to backup, look at System Settings to see whether save data for a game is for a specific profile or all users). If you get an error about "no 'common' save data found", you may not have any save data on that profile (in my case, I did and the transfer process worked fine).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the profile to backup the save data from. This should be your ***Nintendo*** Network ID.

Optionally you may select to backup "common" save data. This save data should be shared by all users, and is not required to be backed up. Though you may still do so if you choose.
```

> Press the `A button` when ready to backup your save data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Press the `A` button when ready to backup your save data.
```

> Once that has completed, go back and go to the `restore savedata` section for the game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the backup has completed, press the `B` button to return to the games menu. Select `Restore savedata`.
```

> At this section, you will need to be careful that you select the right settings here. Use the D-Pad to select which slot you backed up to (in my case, 000) and select the right user profile to copy from. If it says empty for that profile (or the no common save data found), it may not necessarily be true but be careful (such as my case). Then, select your Pretendo user profile to copy to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="tip red">
	<strong>CAUTION:</strong>
	Restoring a save backup will overwrite the existing save data for the game for the selected user(s). Proceed with caution.
</div>

Select the backup slot you just backed the save data up to.

Select the profile to restore the save data to. This should be your ***Pretendo*** Network ID.
```

<img src="/assets/images/docs/install/wiiu/savedatabackup/savemii-transfer.jpg" width="100%">

> When ready, press the `A button` to transfer your data. Press `A button` again to confirm your actions. If you get another message about backing up your data on your Pretendo profile, ignore. Your screen may briefly flash as the data is copied over.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When ready, press the `A` button to transfer your data. Press `A` again to confirm your actions. If you get a message about backing up your data on your Pretendo profile, ignore. Your screen may briefly flash as the data is copied over.
```

> Once that's done, exit SaveMii and make sure the game you transferred works properly on your Pretendo profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once completed, exit SaveMii and ensure the game you transferred works properly on your Pretendo profile.
```

<img src="/assets/images/docs/install/wiiu/savedatabackup/savemii-saveworkingonpretendo.jpg" width="100%">

> If the game works fine, that means you've successfully transferred a games data over! Repeat this process for any other save data you'd like to transfer to your Pretendo profile.

Reviewer: The part about it working is obvious/redundant

```suggestion
Repeat this process for any other save data you'd like to transfer to your Pretendo profile.
```
